# Ascension-to-the-Throne
Unpacker for Ascension to the Throne in Python. I am working on a repacker script but at the moment this tool merely extracts the files. To extract the files just double click the script. You will need Python installed. It will extract the files in the archives to two separate folders. The Folders are "PAK0" and "PAK1". Each folder will have the pak files set for it so Resource1.pak should go into PAK1 folder. I suggest having spare storage for the files to be extracted. Resource1.pak has 53 files in it and Resource0.pak has 7,349 files in it. When they are extracted you will find PAK0 Folder will have 7,350 files and PAK1 with 54 files. This is because I have created a repack file for each folder. The file is named "FileData.rep". It is a custom file I made that will have the header for each file inside the rep files. Both folders will have their own rep file and you must not combine them or combine the folders. The folders are separated because they are two separate archives. There are several kinds of files in each archive but not all of them are easily editable. The lua files are not usual luas but a lot of files are straightforward.

As long as you have python installed and both pak files in the same directory with the unpacker script it should extract. The repacker is being worked on but you will need to keep the extracted files in those folders or if you modify them make sure to keep the original filenames. The repacking should only repack the pak files with the extracted files. If you edit or replace the original files just make sure to keep the filename. If the PAK folders exist it will still unpack and overwrite the existing files in the folders so I do suggest being careful. Maybe make a separate folder for modified files.
This was made by LethoTC.
A big thanks to the Lord for blessing me with success and my mentor Medstar for helping as well.
